>> Speaker 1: Can you talk about
the trade offs between using
vendor bundles versus code splitting
entirely by the client's route?
>> Sean Larkin: [LAUGH], yes, so
vendor bundles are a big anti-pattern
To me this is why in Web Pack
4 we got rid of commons chunk.
Because so many people were,
and no offense to the person,
who was it who asked me earlier,
or yesterday?
I'm not painting you as this person, but
we had so many people who would obsess.
Like, I can't synthetically get these
three modules to be in this one bundle,
and by using common chunk.
It caused so
many people to froth at the mouth obsessed
about trying to optimize caching.
But when we go back to my slides,
what are the three costs?
The number, the top three
costs of loading are actually
the amount of JavaScript that
you have to parse, evaluate,
and execute for
your initial download, right?
By caching,
you're only saving yourself the network
time it takes to get that file.
In some browsers,
you might get byte code caching, but
that's just parse cost,
that's not eval and execute.
So you're doing yourself very little
favors by trying to optimize for caching.
Versus trying to optimize for the smallest
amount of code that you actually need on
your initial download of your page, right?
So what you would find out is that
by trying to do a bunch of caching,
you end up with these ginormous bundles.
That you force entry points
to ship down the pipe,
right, on your initial download.
So I shouldn't discount caching as
an optimization, it is still valuable,
but what I tend to say, and
maybe this is a little brash.
But it's like, come talk to me
about caching when you get to 300
kilobytes of code on
your initial download.
And then we can take it a step further,
right?
Because this is what's gonna
save you tens of seconds.
Seven seconds on your load time,
where caching is gonna maybe
save you 400 milliseconds.
So, that's why we removed commons junk.
That's why we do it by default now out of
the box for only asynchronous bundles.